Math Homework:

b) The scatterplot wasn't able to show us a more visual representation of the data with pictures. The picto graph wasn't able to show us the data without a legend. It was dependant of the legend, in order for us to understand the value of the pictures in each row.

c) The scatterplot was more appropriate to display the data than the pictograph, because the data was trying to show a correlation between the number of students and the times they littered. So, when we group the number of times they had littered into intervals, we can see wether there is a positive or negative correlation between the number of grade 8 students and the number of times they littered.

d) You shouldn't use a circle or line graph to display this data because the both of the variables in the data, are numerical values and are quantitive variables. 

5) a) Most students had gotten a B as thier grade. More students got A, B, and C as thier grades than D. More students got B and C as thier grades than A and D.

     b) I know the percentage of each grade. I know that the grades B and C make up 66 % of all the grades in Mr. Sidley's grade 8 math class. I know that D only makes up 10% of all the grades.

    c) The bar graph shows the number of students that got a B as thier grade better than the circle graph, because the bar graph gives the exact number, while the circle graph just gives us the percentage.

    d) The circle graph gives a better description of which data is greater in value, since it gives us a percentage rather than the number of units, so mr. Sidley, should use the circle graph.

   e) Mr. Sidley's class did better, because overall his class had the higher average in percentage.

6) a) Olympic Winning Times 400-m hurdles.
     b) The line graph allows us to predict how the data will look like in the future, while the bar graph allows us to compare and contrast 2 diffrent sets of data (the amount of times that men and women one).
    c) The line graph displays the data as turbulent, so determing similarities and diffrences between the two sets of data would be harder than with a double bar graph. The double bar graph lacks the ability to allow us to predict the data in the future, there is no way to trace an increase or decrease but the data is simply static.
    d) i) I would choose a line graph, because it allows us to visually see the change of the data over time.
        ii) I would choose a double bar graph, because it allows us to see the two sets of data side by side each year, so that we can see for both of their values and thier diffrences in each year.

7) a) The GDP (in trillions) of a country over the period of 10 years.
    c) The dropout rates of boys and girls in highschool for the period of 10 years.
    e) The diffrent ethnic groups in a country.
    b) The amount of ice cream sold per flavour.
    d) The favourite colors of kids aged between 5 and 10.



